Update readme developer's guide (#121)
eisopux/checker-framework-vscode: README.md

This project is an extension for VS Code to provide the features of the [Checker Framework](https://checkerframework.org/),
via the [Checker Framework Language Server](https://github.com/eisopux/checker-framework-languageserver).

> 

Reviewer: The file used two empty lines before headings, to make them easier to spot. Please remove this removal and a similar change below.

Author: Good morning Professor Dietl! Sorry for not resolving these requests sooner, as I had tested positive for COVID and could not get to them. I will get these fixed as soon as possible!

> You can either install the extension from the [VS Code Extension Marketplace](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/extension-marketplace) or install a locally-built version of the extension.Please refer to the "Developer's Guide" below for instructions on how to build from source.

Reviewer: Please use line-breaks, as the document did before.
At the moment it is hard to see what exactly changed in this text.
There should definitely be some whitespace before the `Please` sentence.

> After installing the extension, when you open or save any `.java` file it will be checked by the Checker Framework [Nullness Checker](https://checkerframework.org/manual/#nullness-checker). Other type systems and options can be enabled in the configuration.

Reviewer: Same comment about linebreaks here. Did anything change?

Author: I think the line breaks were just a formatting error on my part; however, nothing actually changed. Sorry about that. I will fix them right now!

## Getting Started

> You can either install the extension from the 
> [VS Code Extension Marketplace](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/extension-marketplace) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can either install the extension from the
[VS Code Extension Marketplace](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/extension-marketplace)
```

or install a locally-built version of the extension.
Please refer to the "Developer's Guide" below for instructions on how to build from source.

> After installing the extension, when you open or save any `.java` file it will be checked 
> by the Checker Framework [Nullness Checker](https://checkerframework.org/manual/#nullness-checker). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After installing the extension, when you open or save any `.java` file it will be checked
by the Checker Framework [Nullness Checker](https://checkerframework.org/manual/#nullness-checker).
```

To set up your development environment, perform the following steps:
1. Install the newest Node.js version for your operating system (OS); see the [Node.Js homepage](https://nodejs.org/en/).
2. Install a Git client for your OS; see the [Git homepage](https://git-scm.com/downloads).
3. Install dependencies using `npm install`, as superuser. (Use `Open command prompt (CMD) (admin)` on Windows.)
    See the [npm Docs](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/v8/commands/npm-install).
4. Enable the corepack utility by running `corepack enable`, as superuser.
    See the [Corepack homepage](https://github.com/nodejs/corepack).

To start working on this project, perform the following steps:
1. Create a working directory for the project and change into it.
2. Clone the project in the new directory `git clone https://github.com/eisopux/checker-framework-vscode.git`
    (adapt the URL to your specific fork and branch). 
3. Change into the cloned directory `cd checker-framework-vscode`.

> 4. Run `npm install -g vsce`.

Reviewer: Should this step be moved to the `To set up your development environment` steps above?

Author: Yes, I believe that makes more sense. I will move it right now!

> Compile the downloader locally: 
> 1. Create a working directory for the downloader and change into it. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To compile the downloader locally: 
1. Change back into your project working directory. 
```

> 2. Clone the project in the new directory `git clone https://github.com/eisopux/checker-framework-languageserver-downloader.git`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Clone the downloader in the project directory `git clone https://github.com/eisopux/checker-framework-languageserver-downloader.git`
```

> 3. Cd into the downloader folder and run `./gradlew assemble`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Change into the downloader folder and run `./gradlew assemble`.
    See file `[README.md](https://github.com/eisopux/checker-framework-languageserver-downloader/blob/master/README.md)` for more details.
```

> 4. Copy `build/libs/checker-framework-languageserver-downloader-all.jar` to the plugin’s folder and rename it to replace the file `checker-framework-languageserver-downloader-0.2.0.jar`

Reviewer: In a separate PR, can you think about a nicer way how to handle this jar file?

Author: Will do! Zhiping had helped me compile the downloader locally, so I will reach out to him and see if we can figure it out.

To build the extension from the command line:
1. In the `checker-framework-vscode` directory, run `vsce package` to generate a `.vsix` file 
2. Run `code --install-extension checker-framework-language-server-0.2.0.vsix` 

Under `View -> Extensions` in VS Code check that the 'checker-framework-language-server' is installed. 

>   

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

4. Run `yarn global add vsce`.
    (adapt the URL to your specific fork and branch). 

To compile the downloader locally: 
1. Change back into your project working directory. 
2. Clone the downloader in the project directory `git clone https://github.com/eisopux/checker-framework-languageserver-downloader.git`
3. Change into the downloader folder and run `./gradlew assemble`.
    See file `[README.md](https://github.com/eisopux/checker-framework-languageserver-downloader/blob/master/README.md)` for more details.
4. Copy `build/libs/checker-framework-languageserver-downloader-all.jar` to the plugin’s folder and rename it to replace the file `checker-framework-languageserver-downloader-0.2.0.jar`

To build the extension from the command line:
1. In the `checker-framework-vscode` directory, run `vsce package` to generate a `.vsix` file 
2. Run `code --install-extension my-extension-0.0.1.vsix`, replacing `my-extension-0.0.1.vsix` with the created `.vsix` file. 
2. Run `code --install-extension checker-framework-language-server-0.2.0.vsix` 

Under `View -> Extensions` in VS Code check that the 'checker-framework-language-server' is installed. 

> 

Reviewer: I would keep the empty line to separate the two separate paragraphs - the first one is about how to check whether the plugin was installed and the next one is about running the plugin directly.
(I can't edit this in the web interface...)

> 2.  Open up this project (`checker-framework-vscode`) in VS Code and start a new instance by clicking on `Run` in the menu bar, then `Start Debugging`. 
> 3.  Open a `.java` file (this can be a simple Hello World example) in the `[Extension Development Host]` instance of VSCode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.  Open up this project (`checker-framework-vscode`) in VS Code and start a new instance by clicking on `Run`
    in the menu bar, then `Start Debugging`. 
3.  Open a `.java` file (this can be a simple Hello World example) in the `[Extension Development Host]` instance of VSCode.
```

To set up your development environment, perform the following steps:
1. Install the newest Node.js version for your operating system (OS); see the [Node.Js homepage](https://nodejs.org/en/).
2. Install a Git client for your OS; see the [Git homepage](https://git-scm.com/downloads).
3. Install dependencies using `npm install`, as superuser. (Use `Open command prompt (CMD) (admin)` on Windows.)

>     See the [npm Docs](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/v8/commands/npm-install).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   See the [npm Docs](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/v8/commands/npm-install).
```

4. Enable the corepack utility by running `corepack enable`, as superuser.

>     See the [Corepack homepage](https://github.com/nodejs/corepack).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   See the [Corepack homepage](https://github.com/nodejs/corepack).
```

5. Run `npm install -g vsce`.

To start working on this project, perform the following steps:
1. Create a working directory for the project and change into it.
2. Clone the project in the new directory `git clone https://github.com/eisopux/checker-framework-vscode.git`

>     (adapt the URL to your specific fork and branch). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   (adapt the URL to your specific fork and branch). 
```

To compile the downloader locally: 
1. Change back into your project working directory. 
2. Clone the downloader in the project directory `git clone https://github.com/eisopux/checker-framework-languageserver-downloader.git`
3. Change into the downloader folder and run `./gradlew assemble`.

>     See file `[README.md](https://github.com/eisopux/checker-framework-languageserver-downloader/blob/master/README.md)` for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   See file `[README.md](https://github.com/eisopux/checker-framework-languageserver-downloader/blob/master/README.md)` for more details.
```

4. Copy `build/libs/checker-framework-languageserver-downloader-all.jar` to the plugin’s folder and rename it to replace the file `checker-framework-languageserver-downloader-0.2.0.jar`

To build the extension from the command line:
1. In the `checker-framework-vscode` directory, run `vsce package` to generate a `.vsix` file 
2. Run `code --install-extension checker-framework-language-server-0.2.0.vsix` 

Under `View -> Extensions` in VS Code check that the 'checker-framework-language-server' is installed. 
During development, you can simply start the program from the command line and run as a new VS Code instance:

> 1.  Install dependencies using `npm install`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install dependencies using `npm install`.
```

2. Open up this project (`checker-framework-vscode`) in VS Code and start a new instance by clicking on `Run`
    in the menu bar, then `Start Debugging`. 
3. Open a `.java` file (this can be a simple Hello World example) in the `[Extension Development Host]` instance of VSCode.

> ## License

Reviewer: Can you not add the `checker-framework-language-server-0.2.0.vsix` file?
It still shows up in the PR, as the next file.
Try `git rm checker-framework-language-server-0.2.0.vsix` and commit the change.

> 3.  Open a `.java` file (this can be a simple Hello World example) in the `[Extension Development Host]` instance of VSCode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Open a `.java` file (this can be a simple Hello World example) in the `[Extension Development Host]` instance of VSCode.
```

* [adamyy/checkerframework-lsp](https://github.com/adamyy/checkerframework-lsp)
* [georgewfraser/vscode-javac](https://github.com/georgewfraser/vscode-javac)

> * [adamvoss/vscode-languageserver-java-example](https://github.com/adamvoss/vscode-languageserver-java-example)

Reviewer: Not related to this line: let's not commit the binary file `checker-framework-language-server-0.2.0.vsix`. It's the build output and doesn't need to be added to the repo.

According to https://nodejs.dev/en/learn/the-package-lock-json-file the `package-lock.json` file should be added to the repo, so that is fine.

> * [DafnyVSCode/Dafny-VSCode](https://github.com/DafnyVSCode/Dafny-VSCode)

Reviewer: What changed here?

Author: This is also a result of my formatting; however, nothing actually changed in this line content-wise; sorry for the confusion.
